Hey boss.
What, our store has been bought?
Now the name has changed.
Hey, okay, okay.
I know, boss.
Who is our new boss?
Oh, it must be paid in advance for you.
This is just a high quality store.
It won't be just one sentence.
Manager
If you don't, quickly bring that skirt and hit me in the mouth.
Are you the store manager or am I the store manager?
This dog hammer.
Haha.
I am the new owner of this store.
These vestments are also mine.
Where are you going?
Forget it.
This dress my grandmother ordered for you is also stubborn.
If he wants it, give it to him.
This man is not helping you.
Don't argue with him until I investigate clearly.
Good.
Why can't I pretend anymore?
You say is it here?
Why do you two have to humiliate yourself?
Just look at the dress.
If you don't need it, you don't need it anymore.
But this tone was unbearable.
Let's go!
This mean woman is going to ruin my dress.